
Overview                               

    This project uses 3D printing, a temperature and humidity sensor and solar power 
     to make a birdhouse with a simple weather station attached.

Hardware           

    display

    temperature & humidity sensor

    solar panel & mounting bracket

    rechargable battery

    microcontroller

    birdhouse

Assembly                          

	Instructions                
    Assemble an Adafruit QuadAlpha Feather Wing as described 
        here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

    Follow the 

        Circuit diagram

        to attach the temperature and humidity sensor

            !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Project Photos

    The solar panel is connected to the Voltaic bard rechargable battery.  

    Then connect the rechargable battery to the microcontroller.

    	Project Photos

Software Prerequisites          

    This project requires the Arduino IDE flash the C code to the microcontroller.

Software Walkthrough           

    This project used an Adafruit Huzza Feather for the microcontroller, but any Feather should work since 
    none of the ESP3266 WiFi features are used in this version of the project.

    The code uses the !!!!!!!!BMT11(is this correct?) sensor and corresponding library for 
    temperature and humidity readings.

Usage                                 

	Once the hardare for this project is assembled and the firmware uploaded to the microcontroller,
    the ussage is to place mount the solar panel in a sunny spot and place the attached 
    microcontroller and display to a weather protected spot.
    
    Then you can look at the 
    !!!!!!!!TYPE OF DISPLAY
    and observe the temperature and humidity.                        

Resources                             
	!!!!!!!!!!11STL link to Thingiverse 
	
    !!!!!!!!!!11Source code link        
	
    !!!!!!!!!!11Project Progress Link 
	
    !!!!!!!!!!11oneweb.net - resource links 

Going Further 

    To make take this project go further:

        actually use some of the ESP3266 features

        


